README.md, before:

# Essential Guide to keep up with AI/ML/CV/UNameIt

These fields are booming these days. In order not to become rusty, one has to constantly follow the updates. Here is the essential guide on how to keep up with the important news/papers/discussions/tutorials. This guide is by no means an exhaustive one so contributions are truly welcome. I believe you have a lot to add!

## Connect to your local communities

Temporary description: From my personal experience, due to multiple reasons, there are various local communities(e.g. per country). I would simply not dare to include links for those that I am not competent in. Eventually, the table below might look smth like [this](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/29/5d/22/295d22ab9d9d2c35468b526459d687e8.jpg)(just an idea). Please update the table with verified links. I got flags from [here](https://github.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/tree/master/flags).

| Country        | Links         | 
| -------------  |:-------------:|
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/az.png "Azerbaijan") Azerbaijan    | [Azerbaijan Data Science Society](https://www.facebook.com/azedatasciencesociety/) |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/de.png "Germany") Germany        | [ML-KA (Karlsruhe)](http://ml-ka.de/) [Machine Learning Munich](https://www.meetup.com/Machine-Learning-Munich/) |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/in.png "India") India          | [IDLI: Indian Deep Learning Initiative](https://www.facebook.com/groups/idliai/) |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/kr.png "South Korea") South Korea    | [AI Korea (Deep Learning)](https://www.facebook.com/groups/AIKoreaOpen/?notif_id=1512311204057714&notif_t=group_r2j_approved) [TensorFlow KR](https://www.facebook.com/groups/TensorFlowKR/?notif_id=1512311529673421&notif_t=group_added_to_group) [PyTorch KR](https://www.facebook.com/groups/PyTorchKR/?notif_id=1512311546462986&notif_t=group_added_to_group&ref=notif)      |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/se.png "Sweden") Sweden | [Stockholm AI](http://stockholm.ai/) |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/tr.png "Turkey") Turkey | [Yapay Zekâ](https://yapayzeka.ai/) |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/ua.png "Ukraine") Ukraine        | [Ukrainian Artificial Intelligence Community](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1528224447431465/) |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/vn.png "Vietnam") Vietnam | [Machine Learning cơ bản](https://machinelearningcoban.com/) - [FB](https://www.facebook.com/machinelearningbasicvn/)


## Bookmarks to ‘Run on Start’

### Reddit
- [machine_learning](https://www.reddit.com/user/techrat_reddit/m/machine_learning/)
- [MachineLearning](https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/)
- [computervision](https://www.reddit.com/r/computervision/)
- [learnmachinelearning](https://www.reddit.com/r/learnmachinelearning/)

### arXiv: open access to e-prints. Do not forget to install [Fermat’s Library](http://fermatslibrary.com/librarian)
- [Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.CV/recent)
- [Artificial Intelligence](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.AI/recent)
- [Learning](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.LG/recent)
- [Neural and Evolutionary Computing](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.NE/recent)

### [Arxiv Sanity](http://www.arxiv-sanity.com/): beautiful interface plus other features for interacting with arXiv

### [ShortScience](http://www.shortscience.org/): post-publication discussion

### [GitXiv](http://www.gitxiv.com/): space to share collaborative projects

### [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/news) (I wish there is an option to filter out posts of interest)

### [DataTau](https://www.datatau.com/): HackerNews for data scientists

### [AITopics](https://aitopics.org/search): collection of info about research, people, and applications of AI

### Youtube channels. Do not forget to install [playback speed control](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/youtube-playback-speed-co/hdannnflhlmdablckfkjpleikpphncik) to optimize your time
- [3Blue1Brown](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw)
- [Two Minute Papers](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbfYPyITQ-7l4upoX8nvctg)
- [Robert Miles](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLB7AzTwc6VFZrBsO2ucBMg)
- [Siraj Raval](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWN3xxRkmTPmbKwht9FuE5A)

### Company research blogs:
- [Google](https://research.googleblog.com/)
- [Facebook](https://research.fb.com/blog/)
- [Nvidia](https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/category/deep-learning/)
- [Apple](https://machinelearning.apple.com/)

### Quora: 
- [Machine Learning](https://www.quora.com/pinned/Machine-Learning)
- [Computer Vision](https://www.quora.com/pinned/Computer-Vision)
- [Deep Learning](https://www.quora.com/pinned/Deep-Learning)
- [Reinforcement Learning](https://www.quora.com/pinned/Reinforcement-Learning)

### Less active updates:
- [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/)
- [ResearchGate](https://www.researchgate.net/)
- [Distill](https://distill.pub/)

## Twitter

Usually, important news is disseminated pretty fast on Twitter and often shared by many. Here are some of the publically available lists(in no particular order) by well-established Tweeters:

| Tweeter       | Lists         | Tweeter         | Lists       |
| ------------- | ------------- | -------------   |-------------|
| [Deep Learning Hub](https://twitter.com/DeepLearningHub) | [Top-N](https://twitter.com/DeepLearningHub/lists/top-n)   |[Marshall Kirkpatrick](https://twitter.com/marshallk)    | [Top 10 AI](https://twitter.com/marshallk/lists/top-10-ai) |
| [Lynn Cherny](https://twitter.com/arnicas)               | [Text Data, Vis & Art](https://twitter.com/arnicas/lists/text-data-vis-art)   | [Sam Shead](https://twitter.com/Sam_L_Shead)             | [DeepMind](https://twitter.com/Sam_L_Shead/lists/deepmind) |
| [Ferenc Huszár](https://twitter.com/fhuszar)             | [Machine Learning](https://twitter.com/fhuszar/lists/machine-learning) | [Denny Britz](https://twitter.com/dennybritz)            | [Deep Learning](https://twitter.com/dennybritz/lists/deep-learning) |
| [Jihoon Jeong](https://twitter.com/hiconcep)             | [AI](https://twitter.com/hiconcep/lists/ai) | [TensorFlow Community](https://twitter.com/TensorFlo)    | [>10x](https://twitter.com/TensorFlo/lists/10x) |
| [Nikolai Yakovenko](https://twitter.com/ivan_bezdomny)   | [AI](https://twitter.com/ivan_bezdomny/lists/ai) | [Ayşe Naz Erkan](https://twitter.com/naz_erkan)          | [Cortex folks](https://twitter.com/naz_erkan/lists/cortex-folks) |
| [Luba Elliott](https://twitter.com/elluba)               | [Creative AI](https://twitter.com/elluba/lists/creative-ai) [Machine Intelligence](https://twitter.com/elluba/lists/machine-intelligence) | [Adam Rifkin](https://twitter.com/ifindkarma)            | [Artificial Intelligence](https://twitter.com/ifindkarma/lists/artificial-intelligence) |
| [Ali Sohani](https://twitter.com/alisohani)              | [Machine Learning](https://twitter.com/alisohani/lists/machine-learning) |


## Blogs to subscribe
- [The Wild Week in AI](https://www.getrevue.co/profile/wildml) (news)
- [Inside AI](https://inside.com/ai) (news)
- [The Morning Paper](https://blog.acolyer.org/) (paper summaries)
- [inFERENCe](http://www.inference.vc/) (opinion on things)
- [PyImageSearch](https://pyimagesearch.com) (tutorials)

Commit message:

Added Tagger News
Added the Link for Tagger News which classifies posts of Hacker News

README.md, after:

# Essential Guide to keep up with AI/ML/CV/UNameIt

These fields are booming these days. In order not to become rusty, one has to constantly follow the updates. Here is the essential guide on how to keep up with the important news/papers/discussions/tutorials. This guide is by no means an exhaustive one so contributions are truly welcome. I believe you have a lot to add!

## Connect to your local communities

Temporary description: From my personal experience, due to multiple reasons, there are various local communities(e.g. per country). I would simply not dare to include links for those that I am not competent in. Eventually, the table below might look smth like [this](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/29/5d/22/295d22ab9d9d2c35468b526459d687e8.jpg)(just an idea). Please update the table with verified links. I got flags from [here](https://github.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/tree/master/flags).

| Country        | Links         | 
| -------------  |:-------------:|
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/az.png "Azerbaijan") Azerbaijan    | [Azerbaijan Data Science Society](https://www.facebook.com/azedatasciencesociety/) |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/de.png "Germany") Germany        | [ML-KA (Karlsruhe)](http://ml-ka.de/) [Machine Learning Munich](https://www.meetup.com/Machine-Learning-Munich/) |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/in.png "India") India          | [IDLI: Indian Deep Learning Initiative](https://www.facebook.com/groups/idliai/) |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/kr.png "South Korea") South Korea    | [AI Korea (Deep Learning)](https://www.facebook.com/groups/AIKoreaOpen/?notif_id=1512311204057714&notif_t=group_r2j_approved) [TensorFlow KR](https://www.facebook.com/groups/TensorFlowKR/?notif_id=1512311529673421&notif_t=group_added_to_group) [PyTorch KR](https://www.facebook.com/groups/PyTorchKR/?notif_id=1512311546462986&notif_t=group_added_to_group&ref=notif)      |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/se.png "Sweden") Sweden | [Stockholm AI](http://stockholm.ai/) |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/tr.png "Turkey") Turkey | [Yapay Zekâ](https://yapayzeka.ai/) |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/ua.png "Ukraine") Ukraine        | [Ukrainian Artificial Intelligence Community](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1528224447431465/) |
| ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yusufshakeel/mysql-country-with-flag/master/flags/vn.png "Vietnam") Vietnam | [Machine Learning cơ bản](https://machinelearningcoban.com/) - [FB](https://www.facebook.com/machinelearningbasicvn/)


## Bookmarks to ‘Run on Start’

### Reddit
- [machine_learning](https://www.reddit.com/user/techrat_reddit/m/machine_learning/)
- [MachineLearning](https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/)
- [computervision](https://www.reddit.com/r/computervision/)
- [learnmachinelearning](https://www.reddit.com/r/learnmachinelearning/)

### arXiv: open access to e-prints. Do not forget to install [Fermat’s Library](http://fermatslibrary.com/librarian)
- [Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.CV/recent)
- [Artificial Intelligence](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.AI/recent)
- [Learning](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.LG/recent)
- [Neural and Evolutionary Computing](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.NE/recent)

### [Arxiv Sanity](http://www.arxiv-sanity.com/): beautiful interface plus other features for interacting with arXiv

### [ShortScience](http://www.shortscience.org/): post-publication discussion

### [GitXiv](http://www.gitxiv.com/): space to share collaborative projects

### [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/news) (I wish there is an option to filter out posts of interest)

### [TaggerNews](http://www.taggernews.com/) (This website tags posts of Hacker News into categories, thus filtering can be done) 

### [DataTau](https://www.datatau.com/): HackerNews for data scientists

### [AITopics](https://aitopics.org/search): collection of info about research, people, and applications of AI

### Youtube channels. Do not forget to install [playback speed control](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/youtube-playback-speed-co/hdannnflhlmdablckfkjpleikpphncik) to optimize your time
- [3Blue1Brown](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw)
- [Two Minute Papers](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbfYPyITQ-7l4upoX8nvctg)
- [Robert Miles](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLB7AzTwc6VFZrBsO2ucBMg)
- [Siraj Raval](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWN3xxRkmTPmbKwht9FuE5A)

### Company research blogs:
- [Google](https://research.googleblog.com/)
- [Facebook](https://research.fb.com/blog/)
- [Nvidia](https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/category/deep-learning/)
- [Apple](https://machinelearning.apple.com/)

### Quora: 
- [Machine Learning](https://www.quora.com/pinned/Machine-Learning)
- [Computer Vision](https://www.quora.com/pinned/Computer-Vision)
- [Deep Learning](https://www.quora.com/pinned/Deep-Learning)
- [Reinforcement Learning](https://www.quora.com/pinned/Reinforcement-Learning)

### Less active updates:
- [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/)
- [ResearchGate](https://www.researchgate.net/)
- [Distill](https://distill.pub/)

## Twitter

Usually, important news is disseminated pretty fast on Twitter and often shared by many. Here are some of the publically available lists(in no particular order) by well-established Tweeters:

| Tweeter       | Lists         | Tweeter         | Lists       |
| ------------- | ------------- | -------------   |-------------|
| [Deep Learning Hub](https://twitter.com/DeepLearningHub) | [Top-N](https://twitter.com/DeepLearningHub/lists/top-n)   |[Marshall Kirkpatrick](https://twitter.com/marshallk)    | [Top 10 AI](https://twitter.com/marshallk/lists/top-10-ai) |
| [Lynn Cherny](https://twitter.com/arnicas)               | [Text Data, Vis & Art](https://twitter.com/arnicas/lists/text-data-vis-art)   | [Sam Shead](https://twitter.com/Sam_L_Shead)             | [DeepMind](https://twitter.com/Sam_L_Shead/lists/deepmind) |
| [Ferenc Huszár](https://twitter.com/fhuszar)             | [Machine Learning](https://twitter.com/fhuszar/lists/machine-learning) | [Denny Britz](https://twitter.com/dennybritz)            | [Deep Learning](https://twitter.com/dennybritz/lists/deep-learning) |
| [Jihoon Jeong](https://twitter.com/hiconcep)             | [AI](https://twitter.com/hiconcep/lists/ai) | [TensorFlow Community](https://twitter.com/TensorFlo)    | [>10x](https://twitter.com/TensorFlo/lists/10x) |
| [Nikolai Yakovenko](https://twitter.com/ivan_bezdomny)   | [AI](https://twitter.com/ivan_bezdomny/lists/ai) | [Ayşe Naz Erkan](https://twitter.com/naz_erkan)          | [Cortex folks](https://twitter.com/naz_erkan/lists/cortex-folks) |
| [Luba Elliott](https://twitter.com/elluba)               | [Creative AI](https://twitter.com/elluba/lists/creative-ai) [Machine Intelligence](https://twitter.com/elluba/lists/machine-intelligence) | [Adam Rifkin](https://twitter.com/ifindkarma)            | [Artificial Intelligence](https://twitter.com/ifindkarma/lists/artificial-intelligence) |
| [Ali Sohani](https://twitter.com/alisohani)              | [Machine Learning](https://twitter.com/alisohani/lists/machine-learning) |


## Blogs to subscribe
- [The Wild Week in AI](https://www.getrevue.co/profile/wildml) (news)
- [Inside AI](https://inside.com/ai) (news)
- [The Morning Paper](https://blog.acolyer.org/) (paper summaries)
- [inFERENCe](http://www.inference.vc/) (opinion on things)
- [PyImageSearch](https://pyimagesearch.com) (tutorials)
